
brief_title:  The Efficacy and Safety Study of ALbumin Meaning not listed  Therapy in Acute Ischemic Stroke
official_title:  A Phase IIB Placebo Comparative, Double Blinded, Randomized, Multi-center Study to Evaluate the Efficacy and Safety of ALbumin Therapy in Acute Ischemic Stroke Patients in Korea.
brief_summary:
 In this clinical study, the efficacy and safety of ALbumin is to be evaluated for the patients occurred within 12 hours of acute ischemic stroke.
inclusion_criteria:
 - At least 18 years of age less than 75 years old - Patients who can be administered ALbumin within 12hours of onset of acute ischemic stroke - 5 ≤ NIHSS score < 15 - Patients who are agreed by guardian or legal representative in case that patients have no ability to join study voluntarily
exclusion_criteria:
 - Medical history of congestive heart failure or patients who are judged congestive heart failure on admission. - Patients with cardiac edema or pulmonary edema. - Medical history of myocardial infarction within the past six months. - Patients who have serious aortic stenosis and mitral valve stenosis. - Signs or symptoms of acute MI on admission (Serum troponin level ≤0.1 ug/L) - Those Who had cardiac surgery. - Onset of cerebral infarction within the past three months. - Before onset of cerebral infarction, patients who were diagnosed as Historical mRS ≥ 2. - Patients who received treatment of thrombolysis or who planned for treatment of thrombolysis. - Acute tachyarrhythmia or bradyarrhythmia with hemodynamic instability on admission. - Acute or chronic lung disease requiring supplemental O2 therapy on admission - Severe anemia (Hb < 8.0) - Severe dehydration (defined as decreased skin turgor, dry oral mucous membrane, tachycardia(>100/min), and oliguria) - Fever, defined as core body temperature>37.5 ℃ - Serum creatinine > 2.0 mg/dL - History of allergy to albumin. - Patients who have side effects of albumin (hyperergia to shock, fever, facial flushing,urticarial, algor, lumbodynia) - Pregnancy - Patients who are in life-threatening or stupor coma situation. - Evidence of intracranial hemorrhage (intracerebral hematoma (ICH), subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH), epidural hemorrhage, acute or chronic subdural hematoma (SDH)) on admission CT or MRI scan. - Patients who are not the normal, excesses of circulating blood. - Haemolytic anemia, anemia due to blood loss. - Immunodeficiency disease, immunosuppression. - Blood pressure higher than 180/110 mmHg on admission.
