
brief_title: A Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Local Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of LDE225 on Skin Basal Cell Carcinomas Sense3 in Gorlin Syndrome Patients
official_title:  A Double-blind, Randomized, Vehicle-controlled Proof of Concept (PoC) Study to Evaluate the Safety, Local Tolerability, Pharmacokinetics and Pharmacodynamics of Multiple Topical Administrations of LDE225 (a Specific Smoothened Inhibitor) on Skin Basal Cell Carcinomas in Gorlin Syndrome Patients Followed by an Open Label, Randomized Expansion Group to Test Two Different Strengths of an Improved LDE225 Formulation for Extended Treatment Durations
brief_summary:
 Part I was a double-blind, randomized, vehicle-controlled Proof of Concept (PoC) study to evaluate the safety, local tolerability, pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of multiple topical administrations of LDE225 (a specific Smoothened inhibitor) on skin basal cell carcinomas in Gorlin's syndrome patients. Following a 21-day screening period, patients were exposed to multiple doses of topically applied LDE225 twice daily for 4 weeks in a double-blind manner. The patients returned weekly for visits where each BCC was clinically evaluated and digital photographs taken. Local safety and tolerability was also assessed. After the last application of treatment, biopsies were taken from treated (both vehicle and LDE225) BCCs (three per patient) for histology, biomarker evaluation and for pharmacokinetics (skin exposure). In addition, a biopsy from LDE225-treated uninvolved perilesional skin was taken for pharmacokinetic evaluation. In total, 4 biopsies were taken: 2 for histology and biomarker and 2 for PK. Part II of this study consisted of a 21-day screening period, a baseline period (directly before commencing the treatment period) and a treatment period of 6 or 9 weeks, depending on  randomization. A clinical assessment was performed on site on the last treatment day and if a full clinical response had been observed, approximately 3 weeks after the last treatment an excision of the BCC(s) would have been performed. The study completion visit occurred either 1 week after the excision (when this visit was planned) or 1 week after the last treatment.For a subset of patients, skin biopsies were collected on the last treatment day and an excision of a BCC was also performed at that same visit.
inclusion_criteria:
 - Patients with multiple basal cell carcinomas and Gorlin syndrome, or patients with multiple basal cell carcinomas and a mutation in the PTCH1 gene at chromosome 9q22.3
exclusion_criteria:
 - Previous treatment of the BCC's that are selected for treatment. - Any systemic treatment which is known to affect BCCs esp. cytostatic treatments, retinoids and photodynamic treatments. Other protocol defined Incl./Excl. criteria may apply.

===============

Study number 38

study_id:  