
brief_title: A Study Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Vismodegib (GDC-0449) in Operable Basal Cell Carcinoma Sense3
official_title:  A Phase II, Multicenter, Open-label, Three-cohort Trial Evaluating the Efficacy and Safety of Vismodegib (GDC-0449) in Operable Basal Cell Carcinoma (BCC)
brief_summary:
 This was a 3-cohort, open-label study of vismodegib (GDC-0449) in new (non-recurrent) operable basal cell carcinoma of the nodular subtype.
inclusion_criteria:
 - Confirmed new (not recurrent or previously treated) nodular basal cell carcinoma (BCC) at 1 of the listed anatomical sites, which must be biopsy confirmed at the study site. - Willingness to consent to biopsy of the lesion. - Willingness to delay excision of the target tumor site until the time mandated in the protocol, unless evidence of disease progression or lack of drug tolerability. - Adequate hematopoietic capacity. - Adequate hepatic function. - For women of childbearing potential, agreement to use 2 acceptable forms of birth control (including one barrier method) during the study and for 7 months after discontinuation of study drug. - For men with female partners of childbearing potential, agreement to use a male condom (with spermicide) and to advise their female partners to use an additional acceptable method of birth control during the study and for 2 months after discontinuation of study drug. - Agreement not to donate blood/blood products during the study and for 7 months after discontinuing study drug. - Agreement not to donate sperm or semen during treatment and for 2 months after the last dose of vismodegib.
exclusion_criteria:
 - Prior treatment with vismodegib or any Hedgehog pathway inhibitor. - Inability or unwillingness to swallow capsules. - Pregnancy or lactation. - BCC with any clinical and histological pattern other than nodular BCC. - Patients with known Gorlin's syndrome (basal cell nevus syndrome) or clinical suspicion of Gorlin's syndrome. - Recent (ie, within the past 28 days), current, or planned participation in another experimental drug study. - Use of any excluded medication or therapy within 21 days of study entry. - History of other malignancies within 3 years of the first day of treatment (Day 1), except for tumors with a negligible risk of metastasis, such as other non-melanoma skin cancer (BCC, squamous cell cancer), ductal carcinoma in situ of the breast, or carcinoma in situ of the cervix. - Uncontrolled medical illness. - History of other disease, metabolic dysfunction, physical examination finding, or clinical laboratory finding giving reasonable suspicion of a disease or condition that contraindicates the use of an investigational drug or that might affect interpretation of the results of the study or renders the patient at high risk for treatment complications. - Any medical or psychological illness or condition preventing adequate consent.
