
brief_title: Cangrelor Versus Standard Therapy to Achieve Optimal Management of Platelet Inhibition.
official_title: A Clinical Trial Comparing Treatment With Cangrelor (in Combination With Usual Care) to Usual Care, in Subjects Who Require Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI).
brief_summary:
 The primary objective of this study is to demonstrate that the efficacy of cangrelor (combined with usual care) is superior to that of usual care, in subjects requiring percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) as measured by a composite of all-cause mortality, myocardial infarction (MI), and ischemia-driven revascularization (IDR).
inclusion_criteria:
 Angiography demonstrating atherosclerosis amenable to treatment by percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) with or without stent implantation and diagnosis of Acute Coronary Syndrome (ACS) Sense6 by elevated cardiac markers or ischemic chest discomfort w/electrocardiogram changes + age > 65 or diabetes.
exclusion_criteria:
 1. Not a candidate for PCI 2. ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) within 48 hours of randomization 3. Increased bleeding risk: ischemic stroke within the last year or any previous hemorrhagic stroke, intra-cranial tumor, cerebral arteriovenous malformation, or intracranial aneurysm; recent (<1 month) trauma or major surgery [including coronary artery bypass graft (CABG) surgery]; currently receiving warfarin, active bleeding 4. Impaired hemostasis: known International Normalized Ratio (INR) >1.5 at screening; past or present bleeding disorder (including congenital bleeding disorders such as von Willebrand's disease or hemophilia, acquired bleeding disorders, and unexplained clinically significant bleeding disorders), thrombocytopenia (platelet count <100,000/µL) at screening 5. Severe hypertension not adequately controlled by antihypertensive therapy at the time of randomization 6. Receipt of fibrinolytic therapy in the 12 hours preceding randomization 7. Receipt of any thienopyridine (clopidogrel or ticlopidine) in the 7 days preceding randomization 8. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa (GPI) Inhibitor usage within the previous 12 hours [applicable to unstable angina (UA) and non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) patients]
