
brief_title:  Efficacy and Safety of Plasma Exchange With Albumin Meaning not listed  in Patients With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
official_title:  Pilot Study on the Effects of Plasma Exchange on Motor Dysfunction and Cognitive Function in Patients With Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
brief_summary:
 Pilot, phase II, prospective, open-label, uncontrolled study of plasma exchange with 5% albumin in 10 subjects having a definite, possible, or probable diagnosis of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS).
inclusion_criteria:
 - Signed written-informed consent. - Subjects over 18 years of age, and less than 70 years old. - Subjects with a definite, possible, or probable diagnosis of ALS, according to the revised El Escorial criteria. - Subjects having experienced their first ALS symptoms within 18 months before recruitment/consent. - FVC > 70% - Subjects must be medically suitable for study participation and of complying with all planned aspects of the protocol including blood sampling at the time of inclusion in the study.
exclusion_criteria:
 - Subjects with a clinically significant preexisting lung disease not attributable to ALS. - Subjects with a diagnosis of other neurodegenerative diseases or diseases associated with dysfunction of the motor neurons that can confuse the diagnosis of ALS. - Participation in other clinical trials, or the reception of any other investigational drug in the six months prior to the start of the study. - Female subjects who are pregnant, currently breastfeeding, or attempting to conceive during the study. - Difficult peripheral venous access precluding plasma exchange and inability to implement a viable alternative catheter to make continued performing plasma exchange visits according to protocol - Any contraindication for plasma exchange or abnormal coagulation parameters according clinical criteria from apheresis team - A history of frequent adverse reactions (serious or otherwise) to blood products. - Hypersensitivity to albumin or allergies to any of the components of Albutein. - Subjects that can not interrupt treatment with acetylsalicylic acid or oral anticoagulants - Plasma creatinine > 2mg/dl. - Present a history of heart disease including ischemic heart disease or congestive heart failure. - Presence of prior conduct disorders requiring pharmacologic intervention, with less than 3 months of stable treatment - Any condition that complicates adherence to study protocol (illness with less than one year of expected survival, drug or alcohol abuse, etc.)
  
