
brief_title:  Predicting Acute Compartment Syndrome (PACS)
official_title: Predicting Acute Compartment Syndrome (PACS) Using Optimized Clinical Assessment, Continuous Pressure Monitoring, and Continuous Tissue Oximetry
brief_summary:
 The long-term objective is to develop a tool to aid in making a timely and accurate diagnosisof acute compartment syndrome (ACS) Sense6 . The immediate objective is to develop a model to accurately predict the likelihood of ACS based on data available to the clinician within the first 48 hours of injury (specific clinical findings supplemented by muscle oxygenation measured by near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS), and continuous intramuscular pressure (IMP) and perfusion pressure (PP) monitoring). Our primary outcome is the retrospective assessment of the likelihood of compartment syndrome made by a panel of clinicians using the following data:
 -  A physiologic "fingerprint" composed of continuous pressure versus time curve, continuous oximetry values, response of muscle to fasciotomy when performed, and serum biomarkers of muscle injury (CPK levels).

  -  Clinical and functional outcomes at 6 months post-injury including: sensory exam, musclefunction, presence/absence of myoneural deficit, and patient reported function using the Short Musculoskeletal Function Assessment (SMFA).

inclusion_criteria:
 1. Patient between the ages of 18 and 60 2. Weight of > 88 lb/40 kg 3. Patient presents with one of the following injuries: - Closed tibial shaft fracture with displacement, comminution, or segmental pattern - Closed bicondylar tibial plateau fracture or medial tibial plateau-knee dislocation - Open tibial shaft fracture (Gustilo Type I, II or IIIA) - Open bicondylar tibial plateau fracture or medial tibial plateau-knee dislocation (Gustilo Type I, II or IIIA) - Severe soft tissue crush injury to lower leg - Gun shot injury to leg - Proximal fibula fracture 4. Injury resulted from a high-energy mechanism (e.g. pedestrian struck; fall > 10 ft; MVA/MCA at speed > 30 mph; injury due to shotgun, rifle, or projectile) 5. The injury occurs no more than 12 hours prior to initiation of monitoring 6. If bilateral leg injuries are present, only the limb that is most severely injured in the judgment of the investigator will be studied 7. At least one extremity must be uninjured to serve as a control for muscle oximetry 8. Patients may have other injuries except as noted below under exclusion criteria 9. Patient may have impending compartment syndrome at time of evaluation; however, the surgeon must be able to initiate monitoring and take at least one set of muscle pressures and obtain one set of tissue oxygenation measurements prior to performing fasciotomy
exclusion_criteria:
 1. Soft tissue wounds that will interfere with monitoring (i.e. the insertion of indwelling pressure catheters and/or application of NIRS pads to the anterior and deep posterior compartments of the leg) 2. Patients with known peripheral vascular disease 3. Informed consent from the patient or from a legally authorized representative (LAR) is not obtained early enough to begin monitoring within 12 hours post-injury 4. Non-ambulatory due to an associated complete spinal cord injury 5. Non-ambulatory before the injury due to a pre-existing condition 6. Patient speaks neither English nor Spanish 7. Severe problems with maintaining follow-up (e.g. patients who are homeless at the time of injury or those how are intellectually challenged without adequate family support). 8. Prior extensive traumatic injury requiring surgery to either lower extremity.
